README.md, before:

# My Groceries

"My Groceries" is an app developed to practice Core Data.

"My Groceries" allows the user to create and store several grocery lists, with as many items in each as they desire.

## Install

To check out this simple grocery list app:

1. Clone or download my repository:
` $ https://github.com/ginnypx1/MyGroceries.git `

2. Enter the "MyGroceries" directory:
` $ cd /MyGroceries-master/ `

3. Open "MyGroceries" in XCode:
` $ open MyGroceries.xcodeproj `

## Instructions

Launch the app and create your first grocery list by tapping the **+** button in the upper-right hand corner.

## Technical Information

The app data is persisted using Core Data.

## Additional Features

This app currently shows only mocked data stored inside Core Data.

Additional features I am currently working on include:
- giving the user the ability to generate a new list
- giving the user the ability to add items to any list
- giving the user the ability to delete any list
- giving the user the ability to delete items from any list
- adding a nice screen for any empty table prompting the user to create a new list

Commit message:

FEATURE: Data persists, user can input names of lists and items

README.md, after:

# My Groceries

"My Groceries" is an app developed to practice Core Data.

"My Groceries" allows the user to create and store several grocery lists, with as many items in each as they desire.

## Install

To check out this simple grocery list app:

1. Clone or download my repository:
` $ https://github.com/ginnypx1/MyGroceries.git `

2. Enter the "MyGroceries" directory:
` $ cd /MyGroceries-master/ `

3. Open "MyGroceries" in XCode:
` $ open MyGroceries.xcodeproj `

## Instructions

Launch the app and create your first grocery list by tapping the **+** button in the upper-right hand corner.

## Technical Information

The app data is persisted using Core Data.

## Additional Features

Additional features I am currently working on include:
- icons and a launch screen, a new font and some design pizazz
- Grocery List title doesn't inject properly into ItemsViewController
- allow user to delete items from ItemsViewController
- change the Edit button title to Done when user is deleting items or lists
- add a nice screen for any empty table prompting the user to create a new list
